README.md, before:

# Usage

```
NAME:
  git-num - Quickly reference files in Git commands using numbers

USAGE:
  git num [git_cmd [index ...] | convert [index ...] | -h | -v]

EXAMPLES:
  git num                # show `git status` with git-num indexes
  git num add 1-3 5      # call `git add` with files at indexes 1, 2, 3, 5
  git num diff README 2  # call `git diff` with "README" and file at index 2
  git num reset HEAD 4   # call `git reset HEAD` with file at index 4
  git num checkout -- 4  # call `git checkout --` with file at index 4
  git num convert 1-3    # write filenames at indexes 1, 2, 3 to STDOUT
  git num -h             # show this help screen
  git num -v             # show version
```

# Explanation

git-num works by annotating the output of `git status` with numbers, allowing you to run subsequent commands with numbers (e.g. `git num add 5 6`) or ranges (e.g. `git num reset HEAD 1-3`) in the place of full filenames.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/schreifels/git-num/master/screenshot.png" width="550" alt="">

(git-num will maintain whatever color scheme you use.)

# Installation

To install on macOS, download the appropriate [git-num executable](https://github.com/schreifels/git-num/releases) and place it in a directory that is on your `PATH`. Git will now automatically use this executable when you call `git num`.

If you're not on macOS, or you'd like to build from source, simply clone the repo and run `make build` (you'll need `go`). The resulting binary can be found in the `build/` directory.

# Useful aliases

It's handy to create an alias for `git num`:

```bash
alias gn="git num"
```

so you can easily run commands like `gn` (to show `git status` with annotations) and `gn add 1-3`.

You can take this a step further by creating aliases for other Git commands, e.g.

```bash
alias gs="git num"
alias gco="git num checkout"
alias ga="git num add"
alias gr="git num restore"
alias grs="git num restore --staged"
alias gd="git num diff"
alias gds="git num diff --staged"
```

You can also use git-num in conjunction with non-Git commands, e.g.

```bash
# `ber 2` => execute `bundle exec rspec [file at index 2]`
function ber() { git num convert "$@" | xargs bundle exec rspec; }

# `gnc 2` => copy file at index 2 to Mac clipboard
function gnc() { git num convert "$@" | pbcopy; }
```

# History

The goal of this project was to create a lightweight, well-tested command line utility for referencing files in Git. Unlike other similar projects, git-num supports renamed files, filenames with spaces, and other corner cases. Also, it's written in Go (rather than a dynamic language) for optimal performance and ease of installation.

# Troubleshooting

## 'num' is not a git command.

```
~/sample-git-project $ git num
git: 'num' is not a git command. See 'git --help'.
```

This means the `git-num` executable is not on your `PATH`. Verify that the file
is located inside one of the directories listed in `echo $PATH`.

Note that Git does not expand paths in the `PATH` variable, so `/Users/mike/bin`
is fine but `~/bin` would not work.

Commit message:

Move documentation related to testing

README.md, after:

# Usage

```
NAME:
  git-num - Quickly reference files in Git commands using numbers

USAGE:
  git num [git_cmd [index ...] | convert [index ...] | -h | -v]

EXAMPLES:
  git num                # show `git status` with git-num indexes
  git num add 1-3 5      # call `git add` with files at indexes 1, 2, 3, 5
  git num diff README 2  # call `git diff` with "README" and file at index 2
  git num reset HEAD 4   # call `git reset HEAD` with file at index 4
  git num checkout -- 4  # call `git checkout --` with file at index 4
  git num convert 1-3    # write filenames at indexes 1, 2, 3 to STDOUT
  git num -h             # show this help screen
  git num -v             # show version
```

# Explanation

git-num works by annotating the output of `git status` with numbers, allowing you to run subsequent commands with numbers (e.g. `git num add 5 6`) or ranges (e.g. `git num reset HEAD 1-3`) in the place of full filenames.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/schreifels/git-num/master/screenshot.png" width="550" alt="">

(git-num will maintain whatever color scheme you use.)

# Installation

To install on macOS, download the appropriate [git-num executable](https://github.com/schreifels/git-num/releases) and place it in a directory that is on your `PATH`. Git will now automatically use this executable when you call `git num`.

If you're not on macOS, or you'd like to build from source, simply clone the repo and run `make build` (you'll need `go`). The resulting binary can be found in the `build/` directory.

# Useful aliases

It's handy to create an alias for `git num`:

```bash
alias gn="git num"
```

so you can easily run commands like `gn` (to show `git status` with annotations) and `gn add 1-3`.

You can take this a step further by creating aliases for other Git commands, e.g.

```bash
alias gs="git num"
alias gco="git num checkout"
alias ga="git num add"
alias gr="git num restore"
alias grs="git num restore --staged"
alias gd="git num diff"
alias gds="git num diff --staged"
```

You can also use git-num in conjunction with non-Git commands, e.g.

```bash
# `ber 2` => execute `bundle exec rspec [file at index 2]`
function ber() { git num convert "$@" | xargs bundle exec rspec; }

# `gnc 2` => copy file at index 2 to Mac clipboard
function gnc() { git num convert "$@" | pbcopy; }
```

# History

The goal of this project was to create a lightweight, well-tested command line utility for referencing files in Git. Unlike other similar projects, git-num supports renamed files, filenames with spaces, and other corner cases. Also, it's written in Go (rather than a dynamic language) for optimal performance and ease of installation.

# Troubleshooting

## 'num' is not a git command.

```
~/sample-git-project $ git num
git: 'num' is not a git command. See 'git --help'.
```

This means the `git-num` executable is not on your `PATH`. Verify that the file is located inside one of the directories listed in `echo $PATH`.

Note that Git does not expand paths in the `PATH` variable, so `/Users/mike/bin` is fine but `~/bin` would not work.

# Testing

To run the test suite:

```
make test
```

Parts of the test suite rely on fixtures which are generated by executing actual git commands. See the `src/fixtures/generate_fixture.sh` for how these are created.
